# Scripts and functions

## DVBT/TS
This folder contains a batch script used to generate a valid MPEG-2 Transport
Stream using _ffmpeg_ and some _OpenCaster_ tools (please make sure they are
installed before running the scripts described below).

The batch script is conceived to run under Windows, but it can be trivially
translated into a BASH shell script. Please note that you must download the 
original video files, which are too big to be enclosed in this release: you can
just Google the full names below and you will easily find the clips.
They are:

* Tears of Steel (ToS-4k-1920.mov)
* Big Buck Bunny (big_buck_bunny_1080p_h264.mov)
* Sintel (Sintel.2010.1080p.ogg)

Together with the batch script, there is also a Python script, which is used to
populate some MPEG-2 DVB tables, that are vital for the correct reception of the
TV broadcast on a TV set: it must be executed before runnig the batch script.

## DVBT/MATLAB
This folder contains some MATLAB scripts and functions that can be used to test
and simulate a DVB-T modulator. They have been created by composing together all
the .m code stubs found in the test folders of the DVB-T modulator components.

The main script is *test_00_DVBT_v3.m*, which calls the functions 
*dvbt_input_gen.m* and *dvbt_ofdm_sym.m* to perform the task. The input to the 
modulator can be either a random stream or a real stream taken from an MPEG-2
transport stream file, generated by some other tools (e.g., OpenCaster).

For further information on this item, please refer to the DVB-TX-IRIS documentation
and manual.
